[docs] Expanded the Laravel quickstart with instructions on how to run Vite (#4236)
drud/ddev: docs/content/users/quickstart.md

    
    This way we only need to change the value of `DB_CONNECTION` to `ddev` in the `.env` to work with the `db` service.
    This is very handy if you have a local database installed and you want to switch between the connections faster by changing only one variable in `.env`
    
    ### Using Vite
    The default Laravel Vite template will not work with DDEV. To make DDEV and Vite play nicely a few additionaly steps are required.

    #### Setup a Vite server
    Install the ddev-viteserve addon.
    ```bash
    ddev get torenware/ddev-viteserve
    ```

>     In `.ddev/.env` change `VITE_PROJECT_DIR=frontend` to `VITE_PROJECT_DIR=.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In `.ddev/.env` change `VITE_PROJECT_DIR=frontend` to `VITE_PROJECT_DIR=.`
    
    In `.ddev/.env` add `VITE_JS_PACKAGE_MGR=npm`. This tells `ddev-viteserve` to use `npm` to manage packages, and helps keep dependencies in sync.
```

> 

Reviewer: Although it is marked as experimental, I think the following is important to add:

```md
In `.ddev/.env` add `VITE_JS_PACKAGE_MGR=npm`. This tells `ddev-viteserve` to use `npm` to manage packages, and 
helps keep dependencies in sync.
```

Laravel prefers `npm` which uses the `package.lock`. See https://github.com/torenware/ddev-viteserve/issues/3

Reviewer 2: Thanks @tyler36 - can you try using the "Suggestion" feature when you know what is the best thing to do? You can just click the icon shown, it makes it so easy for the author of a PR then to just accept and commit your suggestion.

<img width="285" alt="Expanded_the_Laravel_quickstart_with_instructions_on_how_to_run_Vite_by_Ellarddekoeijer_·_Pull_Request__4236_·_drud_ddev" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/112444/192920089-aa70a81b-ed8b-4421-99c7-04dc2f6e82f4.png">

Reviewer 3: > Although it is marked as experimental, I think the following is important to add:
> 

I should probably change the docs; I no longer consider this to be experimental.

> ```lisp
> In `.ddev/.env` add `VITE_JS_PACKAGE_MGR=npm`. This tells `ddev-viteserve` to use `npm` to manage packages, and 
> helps keep dependencies in sync.
> ```

Does Laravel itself _rely_ on npm and package.lock? In general, I'd argue pnpm is a better package manager, especially in terms of its speed.
> 
> Laravel prefers `npm` which uses the `package.lock`. See [torenware/ddev-viteserve#3](https://github.com/torenware/ddev-viteserve/issues/3)

Does it?

    
    This way we only need to change the value of `DB_CONNECTION` to `ddev` in the `.env` to work with the `db` service.
    This is very handy if you have a local database installed and you want to switch between the connections faster by changing only one variable in `.env`
    
    ### Using Vite

>     The default Laravel Vite template will not work with DDEV. To make DDEV and Vite play nicely a few additional steps are required.

Reviewer 4: It might be nice to reword for brevity and to orient the reader to the steps that follow:

```suggestion
    The default Laravel Vite template doesn’t work with DDEV, so you’ll need to set up a Vite server and configure Laravel to use it.
```

>     #### Setup a Vite server

Reviewer 4: Use “set up” as two words (verbish thing, not a noun), use Title Case:

```suggestion
    #### Set Up a Vite Server
```

>     Install the ddev-viteserve addon.

Reviewer 4: Add a courtesy link, use “add-on” rather than “addon”—docs use both but the hyphenated variant is more frequent. _(Makes note to self.)_

```suggestion
    Install the [ddev-viteserve](https://github.com/torenware/ddev-viteserve) add-on.
```

    ```bash
    ddev get torenware/ddev-viteserve
    ```

>     In `.ddev/.env` change `VITE_PROJECT_DIR=frontend` to `VITE_PROJECT_DIR=.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    In `.ddev/.env`, change `VITE_PROJECT_DIR=frontend` to `VITE_PROJECT_DIR=.`
```

>     In `.ddev/.env` change `VITE_PROJECT_DIR=frontend` to `VITE_PROJECT_DIR=.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    In `.ddev/.env`, change `VITE_PROJECT_DIR=frontend` to `VITE_PROJECT_DIR=.`
```

Author: Legend, thanks for the suggestions, I went ahead and accepted them all :D

Reviewer 4: Thanks for your patience and diligence!

>     In `.ddev/.env` add `VITE_JS_PACKAGE_MGR=npm`. This tells `ddev-viteserve` to use `npm` to manage packages, and helps keep dependencies in sync.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    In `.ddev/.env`, add `VITE_JS_PACKAGE_MGR=npm`. This tells `ddev-viteserve` to use `npm` to manage packages, and helps keep dependencies in sync.
```

>     Next add the following line to the post-install hook in your `.ddev/config.yaml`

Reviewer 4: Add backticks and punctuation:

```suggestion
    Next, add the following line to the `post-install` hook in your `.ddev/config.yaml`:
```

    ```bash
    hooks:
        post-start:
            - exec: .ddev/commands/web/vite-serve
    ```

>     This will spin up a Vite development server on port `5173` whenever you `ddev restart`

Reviewer 4: Use “run” for clarification, add period:

```suggestion
    This will spin up a Vite development server on port `5173` whenever you run `ddev restart`.
```

>     Next expose your DDEV hostname by adding the following to your `.ddev/config.yaml`

Reviewer 4: Once again some thrilling punctuation:

```suggestion
    Next, expose your DDEV hostname by adding the following to your `.ddev/config.yaml`:
```

    ```bash
    web_environment:
        - VITE_APP_URL=${DDEV_HOSTNAME}
    ```

>     #### Configuring Laravel

Reviewer 4: Use the same format as the preceding heading (“Set Up”, “Configure”):

```suggestion
    #### Configure Laravel
```

>     The default `vite.config.js` will not yet work with our DDEV environment. Lets start by installing the Vite and laravel-vite-plugin

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    The default `vite.config.js` will not yet work with our DDEV environment. Let’s start by installing `vite` and `laravel-vite-plugin`:
```

    ```
    ddev npm i -D laravel-vite-plugin vite
    ```

>     Then replace the default template with the following. _Note that this script uses the exposed VITE_APP_URL from earlier_

Reviewer 4: Drop transitional “then”, wrap environment variable in backticks, and reword slightly for context and flow:

```suggestion
    Replace the default template with the following, which uses the `VITE_APP_URL` we set earlier:
```

    ```js
    import laravel from 'laravel-vite-plugin';
    import { defineConfig, loadEnv } from 'vite'
    
    export default defineConfig(({ command, mode }) => {
        //Load the env variables that are prefixed with VITE_
        const env = loadEnv(mode, process.cwd(), 'VITE_')
        return {
            server: {
                hmr: {

>                 protocol: 'wss',

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
                    protocol: 'wss',
```

                host: env.VITE_APP_URL,
                },
            },
            plugins: [
                laravel({
                    input: ['resources/css/app.css', 'resources/js/app.js'],
                    refresh: true,
                }),
            ],
        }
    })
    ```

>     You are free to add any plugins (like Vue) to the plugin array. **It is wise, however, to not make changes to the server properties as they often cause CORS errors.**

Reviewer 4: Ruthless edits for brevity!

```suggestion
    Add any plugins you need, like Vue, to the `plugins` array. **Careful with changes to server properties that often cause CORS errors!**
```

Reviewer 4: (And I imagine it could be wise to change server properties if you’re prepared to deal with the CORS situation.)

>     Finally add the following to the head of the`welcome.blade.php` file

Reviewer 4: More punctuation:

```suggestion
    Finally, add the following to the head of the `welcome.blade.php` file:
```

    ```php
    @vite(['resources/css/app.css', 'resources/js/app.js'])
    ```

    #### Finalize

>     To wrap things up run a `ddev restart`.

Reviewer 4: Reiterate what we’re doing:

```suggestion
    Apply the server changes and Laravel configuration by running `ddev restart`.
```

>     **Please note** that running npm run dev is **NOT** needed as this only runs the `vite` command which just attempts to run a local Vite server. The viteserve addon will handle the Vite side of things for us. 

Reviewer 4: Swap in one of these `!!!tip` things that’s perfect for this kind of aside:

```suggestion
    !!!tip "No need for `npm run dev`!"
        You don’t need to use `npm run dev`, since this attempts to run a local Vite server with the `vite` command. The `ddev-viteserve` add-on takes care of that Vite server for us.
```

>     A simple way to test if Vite is working properly is to make a change to `resources/js/app.js`. These changes should be made nearly instantly.

Reviewer 4: More rewording for brevity+flow:

```suggestion
    You can confirm Vite’s working properly by making a quick change `resources/js/app.js` and seeing it reflected immediately.
```
